welcome to the man recaps this is the
bachelor episode 10 it's the women tell
all episode so it's basically a season
recap itself but it begins with the big
moment the final three rose ceremony
Hannah Ann and Victoria are both here
but of course the big question is will
Madison show up last episode she walked
away from her in Peters fantasy suite
date because of course he slept with the
other women which she had asked him
please not to we didn't know if she was
even gonna stick with the show but she
does indeed show up so Peters got a big
choice to make Hannah and he gives her
rose - that one's a no-brainer but will
he give a rose to Madison and if he does
will she even accept it yes on both
counts he really likes her she's been
the front-runner since the beginning and
she's sticking with it for now
this means Victoria is going home she's
been the cause of a lot of drama over
the course of the season but towards the
end she won me over Peter really liked
her but now she's going home the rest of
the episode is the women tell all and
yeah nothing exciting happens basically
Chris Harrison pulls out the drama
causers throughout the season and it's
like hey you guys want to work out your
issues so they have a big argument again
and work nothing out there is a great
section though on online harassment that
these women face I had no idea how bad
it was like why are people so hateful be
nice guys and so next week is the epic
two-part bachelor finale Monday and
Tuesday night they've been teasing us
all season with some big twist at the
end I thought it was gonna be Madison
leaving the show because of what
happened last week and then he has to go
rush to win her back but in the previews
it looks like they patched things up so
this final twist could be anything find
out what happens next week on The
Bachelor hit that subscribe button for
more of the best recaps of TV and movies
and click the join button to support the
channel and be a recap champion